Replace XSOAR 8 Example in Generic Webhook README (#33778)
demisto/content: Packs/GenericWebhook/Integrations/GenericWebhook/README.md

You can now trigger the webhook URL:

- For Cortex XSOAR 6.x: `<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`. For example, `https://my.demisto.live/instance/execute/webhook`. Note that the string `instance` does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

> - For Cortex XSOAR 8: `<ext-<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`. For example, `https://ext-mytenant.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/edl_instance_01`. Note that the string `instance` does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Cortex XSOAR 8: `<ext-<CORTEX-XSOAR-URL>/xsoar/instance/execute/<INTEGRATION-INSTANCE-NAME>`. For example, `https://ext-mytenant.crtx.us.paloaltonetworks.com/xsoar/instance/execute/my_instance_01`. Note that the string `instance` does not refer to the name of your XSOAR instance, but rather is part of the URL.
```
